[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/slipstream/slipstream.png?label=ready&title=Ready)](https://waffle.io/slipstream/slipstream)
# SlipStream

Developed by SixSq, SlipStream is a multi-cloud application management
platform.  See the [SlipStream product page][ss-product] for more
detailed information.

# Release Notes

The [release notes][ss-release] are available from the main
[SlipStream documentation][ss-docs] website.  Stable releases are
those that have been validated and are supported.  Candidate releases
are (usually) the result of each development iteration and may or may
not be stable.  These can be used but are not supported.

# Getting started 

See the [Developer Guide][ss-dev] on the main [SlipStream
documentation][ss-docs] website.  This contains the full, supported
build procedure for SlipStream, including the required build tools and
dependencies.

# License and copyright

Copyright (C) 2015 SixSq Sarl (sixsq.com)

The code in the public repositories is licensed under the Apache
license.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may
obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

[ss-release]: http://ssdocs.sixsq.com/documentation/release_notes/
[ss-product]: http://sixsq.com/products/slipstream.html
[ss-docs]: http://ssdocs.sixsq.com
[ss-dev]: http://ssdocs.sixsq.com/documentation/developer_guide/
